see oh my god guys hello and welcome to
this video I just oh my god I was
talking with a friend of mine and he
told me about this mod shadow
generations it's like the old game with
shadow and it's pretty well done and I
have the dragon rod mod so I decided to
play it and them it works and it's so
freaking beautiful oh my god
simply you look at this playing a shadow
here I don't know it looks even faster
because I I think this mod is faster
than the usual Sonic and it's awesome
you guys simply sit back and enjoy oh I
forgot to jump because I was distracted
with the beautifulness of this mod oh
shit what
I have like an HD pack on maybe I should
turn it off because it doesn't really
work
you guys simply love it look at how
beautiful the game is lucky
well why is shadow having the blue thing
around him it wasn't like it before
what press the X button the X button I'm
playing with my PC with my PlayStation
controller so okay so now all great
nice
not fail
no no no no oh come on
this was spleen stupid I don't get it
why I died there
what what Kenneth
I don't get it sometimes the game
doesn't respond so annoying
okay
what
what a fuck come on just this really
turns me off
it's clear that those kind of things
really get me mad because I don't really
get how I fail them at the first time
nope nope nope nope nope nope
you want to get me a life what fuck sake
I can believe I'm dying so many times I
mean I already had s in this stage why
am i dying so many times
retarded things are retarded
this rate I don't even get to nest
oh crap
okay I did finished it got an A with the
help of the rinks
oh well it's pretty awesome I know I
sucked but the gameplay is pretty
awesome anyways guys I hope you guys
enjoyed this if you did don't forget to
rate comment and subscribe it really
helps I'm going to crush the game doing
this but yeah there's also this shadow
but the game is going to crash if I do a
spin - something I can something that
they level oh shit the hell didn't I die
yet okay I would need a spin - but the
game will crash so bye bye